README.md, before:

#WebServPro

![Image of Kieran](https://github.com/KieranH-1/WebServPro/blob/main/KieranPic.jpg?raw=true)

I am an undergrad major in my senior year, though haven’t taken a plethora of the elective classes yet, so the majority of the courses I’ve taken are just the core classes for the CPS degree with the highest level being Software Engineering and Language Processing. I am currently taking the AI and Web Database Programming classes on top of this one this semester, so the Web Database Programming class should help me cover the basics of HTML and CSS.

I’m planning on using this course to prepare me for any job I might encounter in the future. I just need to improve my web development skills and develop projects so I can ace interviews and expand my portfolio to be more appealing for potential employers. I’ve also always wanted to see how to make an entire web page from scratch, front to back, which I haven’t learned in any class yet. I can also see how this class will help to make my other classes easier.

Commit message:

commit for dev branch only

README.md, after:

#WebServPro

This file is only changed in the development branch

![Image of Kieran](https://github.com/KieranH-1/WebServPro/blob/main/KieranPic.jpg?raw=true)

I am an undergrad major in my senior year, though haven’t taken a plethora of the elective classes yet, so the majority of the courses I’ve taken are just the core classes for the CPS degree with the highest level being Software Engineering and Language Processing. I am currently taking the AI and Web Database Programming classes on top of this one this semester, so the Web Database Programming class should help me cover the basics of HTML and CSS.

I’m planning on using this course to prepare me for any job I might encounter in the future. I just need to improve my web development skills and develop projects so I can ace interviews and expand my portfolio to be more appealing for potential employers. I’ve also always wanted to see how to make an entire web page from scratch, front to back, which I haven’t learned in any class yet. I can also see how this class will help to make my other classes easier.
